---------------------
contradictory: ​containing or showing a lack of agreement between statements, facts, opinions or actions
SYNONYM conflicting
example; My syster is jealous because i'm the only child.

endemic, epidemic, pandemic:

fabricate: ​fabricate something to invent false information in order to trick people
SYNONYM make up
  1. The evidence was totally fabricated.
  2. The prisoner claimed the police had fabricated his confession.
​fabricate something (specialist) to make or produce goods, equipment, etc. from various 
 different materials
SYNONYM manufacture
  1. These specialized chips will be fabricated by Mykrokorp Inc.
  
invincible: ​too strong to be defeated or changed
  SYNONYM unconquerable
  1. The team seemed invincible.
  2. an invincible belief in his own ability
  
plenary: ​(of meetings, etc.) to be attended by everyone who has the right to attend
  1. The new committee holds its first plenary session this week.
  
compliance:
  1. procedures that must be followed to ensure full compliance with the law
  2. Safety measures were carried out in compliance with paragraph 6 of the building regulations.
  3. (business) The compliance officer is responsible for enforcing policies and procedures.
  
blown away: ​to kill somebody by shooting them
            ​to impress somebody a lot or to make them very happy
            ​to defeat somebody easily; to be much better than others of the same type
  1. Mitchell blew away the other runners.
  2. This new phone blows away the competition.
  
crunch numbers: Perform numerous calculations or process a large amount of numerical data.

disclaimer: ​(law) a statement in which a person says officially that they do not claim the right 
                     to do something
          
delve into something: ​to try hard to find out more information about something
   1. She had started to delve into her father's distant past.
   
euphoria: an extremely strong feeling of happiness and excitement that usually lasts only a short time.
   1. I was in a state of euphoria all day.

lenient: not as strict as expected when punishing somebody 
         or when making sure that rules are obeyed
   1. a lenient sentence/fine

긁어 부스럼: Let sleeping dogs lie!   (She may be) kicking a hornet’s nest.

“아, 안타깝다!” 혹은 “아, 답답하다.” 
  When I want to be a help for someone (psychologically, or emotionally) but i couldn't help with it 
  because the person is stubborn. Stubborn is one thing, while "don't listen to anyone" is another.
  
  - (speaking directly to the person) “I’m trying to help you. But if you won’t accept it, it’s your loss.”
  - (speaking to 제3자) “He doesn’t know what’s good for him!”
  
제3자:
- Subject to the provision of Article 10(Assignment),  제 10조(양도)의 규정에 의해[따라서], 
  this Agreement may be assigned or transferred to the 3rd party. 본 계약은 제3자에게 양도 또는 이전 될 수 있다

오버하지 마, 선 넘지 마                                   - It’s important not to cross the line
출근하다                                                 - go to work/get to work
퇴근하다:                                                - get off work
부담스럽다:                                              - feel uncomfortable, be too much

답답하다:                                                - stifling: /ˈstaɪflɪŋ/
  ​making you feel unable to breathe, because it is too hot and/or there is no fresh air.
  1. ‘It's stifling in here—can we open a window?’
  
stringent: ​(of a law, rule, regulation, etc.) very strict and that must be obeyed.
  1. stringent air quality regulation

draw down: ​(especially North American English) to be reduced
           ​(finance) to take money from a fund that a bank, etc. has made available
  1. If we don't cut costs our reserves will draw down.
  2. They can draw down on the loan at any time.
   
ramp up: ​to make something increase in amount
  1. The company quickly ramped up production to meet the demand.
  
articulate: ​to express or explain your thoughts or feelings clearly in words.
  1. She struggled to articulate her thoughts.
  
lurk: ​to wait somewhere secretly, especially because you are going to do something bad or illegal
  1. Why are you lurking around outside my house?
   . A crocodile was lurking just below the surface.
   
indispensable: (syn) essential
  1. Cars have become an indispensable part of our life.
  2. She made herself indispensable to the department.
  
exert: ​to use power or influence to affect somebody/something
       ​to make a big physical or mental effort
  1. The moon exerts a force on the earth that causes the tides.
  2. In order to be successful he would have to exert himself.

perk: ​something you receive as well as your wages for doing a particular job
  1. Perks offered by the firm include a car and free health insurance.
  
goblin: ​a small ugly creature that likes to trick people or cause trouble.

horde:
  1. Football fans turned up in hordes
  
gross:
  1. gross weight/income
  2. (formal or law) very obvious and unacceptable
     gross misconduct/negligence
  3. (informal) disgusting
     He ate it with mustard. Oh, gross!

contingency: (syn) possibility
  ​ an event may or may not happen depending on future condition.
  
undermine: ​ something gradually weaker or less effective

underpinning: ​ something that supports or forms the basis of an argument, a claim, etc

anatomy: ​ the physical structure of a human, animal or plant

contain: ​ (syn) restrain
  1. She could hardly contain her excitement.
  2. Government have failed to contain the Corona virus.
  

---------------------

1. 'Bang for the buck': you get more value for the amount of money you spend.
ex, i think that we should try online advertising because we'll get more bang for the buck,
    as compared with a TV commercial.
    
2. 'To work out for the best': sounds more positive/optimistic
ex, Our speakers for the conference were delayed by bad weather.
    But that's okay, because we needed some extra time. I think it will all work out for the best.
    
3. 'To call it a day':

4. 'To throw a monkey wrench in the works': You have an unexpected, complicated problem.

5. 'To be swamped':
ex, I can't go out after work today because i have so much work. I'm swamped! I have to work overtime.

6. 'Keep up the good work':
ex, I see you're making some extra effort with your English. Keep up the good work!

7. 'To put something off': Waiting until the last minute to do something(to procrastinate)

8. 'To take off': - to become popular suddenly - to take a day off
ex, Wow this new product really took off. Sales are through the roof.

9. 'People person':
ex, Jessica is a people person, so she got promoted to the head of HR.

10. 'Crunching the numbers': to do a lot of calculations
ex, Before we buy any new equipment, we need to crunch the numbers to see if we can afford it.

11. 'To have a lot on my plate': In general i have a lot of projects going on.

12. 'Selling like a hot cake':

13. 'To think outside the box': To think creatively.

14. 'Win-win situation':

15. 'To test the waters': you try something without fully committing, to see if it
                          will be successful or not.

16. 'Learning curve': The time it takes to understand a new system/procedure
ex, Don't worry about our software, ther's a very small learning curve and you'll be
    able to use it in no time at all.
    
17. 'Off the top of my head':
ex, How much do you think that car costs?
    Off the top of my head, i would say about $200,000.
    
18. 'On the back burner': A project that is less important than another one at this moment.
ex, Going to new trade shows is an activity that's on the back burner for me right now.
    I need to focus on other projects.
    
19. 'In the red/in the black':

20. 'To ramp up': you increase activity.
ex, we need to ramp up our efforts finding new customers.

------------------------

1. a drop in the ocean: to make somebody/something different.
The goverment's pledge to increase health funding by $100m is just a drop in the ocean
compared to the billions that need to be spent.

2. actions speak louder than words: it's better to actually do something rather than just talk about it.
Stop apologising and prove to me that i can trust you - actions speak louder than words.

3. to add fuel to the fire: to make a problem worse.
Don't tell her about the delays - you'll just be adding fuel to the fire.

4. the ball is in your court: it's your turn to make the next step or decision.
I've done all i can do - the ball is in your court.

5. to bend over backwards: to do whatever it takes to help someone.
Our company is bending over backwards to satisfy our customers.

6. to bite off more than you can chew: to take on a task that is too big.
I think I've bitten off more than i can chew with this project.

7. by the skin of one's teeth: to only just at something by a narrow margin.
I think i might have passed that exam by the skin of my teeth!

8. to cry wolf: to call for help when you don't need it.
My new flatmate is always crying wolf.

9. to cut somebody some slack: to give somebody a break.
You need to cut the intern some slack - they are still learning.

10. to cut to the chase: to leave out all the unnecessary details and just get to the point.
To cut to the chase - I'm not comfortable working alongside John anymore.

11. to get one's head around something: to come to understand something.
I'm going to spend tonight trying to get my head around the new legislation.

12. to hear on the grapevine: to hear a rumour or unconfirmed story.
I heard on the grapevine that our receptionist will be leaving us soon.

13. it takes two to tango: actions or communications need more than one person.
Don't just blame him for the affair - it takes two to tango!

14. to miss the boat: to miss the opportunity to do something.
I think you've missed the boat on that application - bla bla...

15. a piece of cake:

16. pull yourself together: calm down and act normally.
I think you need to pull yourself together and stop stressing about the presentation.

17. to sit / to be on the fence: to stay neutral and not take sides.
I'm sitting on the fence on this one - I don't want to offend anyone.

18. to step up one's game: to start performing better.
If you want to get promotion, you'll need to step up your game.

19. to sell someone out: to snitch on someone or let their secret out.
I asked you to keep that information to yourself. I can't believe you sold me out like that!

20. your guess is as good as mine: i don't know / i have no idea.
We just don't have enough data. Your guess is as good as mine.



